You should also come to Lushi for an interview.
Did you take some back door?
Anyway, this lady. I, a college student, am not talking to you about the green field economy right now.
What's the point of co-location economy?
Lu Shi only recruits one designer,
Having the last laugh counts.
What's going on? You're calling me so noisily.
Uncle, you are the interviewer this time,
You must help me. Your education and experience are among the best among this group of interviewers.
There should be no problem. But I just met someone,
He is the only one who specializes in power, but his design is particularly excellent.
I don’t know if I’m looking for a wall guy to tell you.
If the interviewer sees her work,
Will it be used to break up the road?
A high-end student can enter the interview and change sections
It shows that there is still some strength
Don't worry, no matter what
Drive her away. It’s easy to go.
Are you here to interview for a designer position?
Yes please come with me
no start
You can do it here first
The interviewer will take you in later.
Thank you It's okay